now
in general the general loi knows the very
in general since the problem is more or
less was in activity and I
I arrived to escape
is already has the history team that can
I'll tell you every day that passes better.
but defeated the abuse there
repressed theft and bikes home and
started to complain because she can
Comes out of anywhere
She loves voice now, our voice and china.
the idea of what is in your boy an
step on it, stay on stay in
cause my career I'm already
booked sounded football truth
on your side a look at the bar of the
rule in inactivity proves the vine group
because it is a conqueror
the great woman I'm going to sit and talk
me wrong to be sick and has already given together
the Queen
and look at inactivity back whatever comes
then unlock the 0 with the trick
woman rose will talk to me badly
to leave left for not to win
away from the dollar should follow le monde
road only the noise
thank you so much mom
Look I'm finally not true.
to apple everything of hallucinations can stop
to make my life a nightmare
here is the bcp is in the area with the imea of
How's that partnership there then?
I really did not have anybody
behind and some time talking and talking
or make a sound next to the old one only
did I called him in the studio and
music already shows the success the currency one
good cloth these guys here over 60
million views on YouTube and is
the following Eduardo Costa felt the
brat pressure right let love is
Firefighter also saw my show.
itself easy in peace
I do not do anything, and you say you think
that this theme in rhyme I can not
improvise but you do not have to
to prove a project in which the
everything today that walks there looks there pros
send me the schema and I want it terrible and
I already told a companion to listen to what
I 'll talk
I left the mines was there to walk
horse or dinner I am happy to know
and the viola dog will sing
the songs that we like here with
landmarks none fell eduardo costa too
I was cursed when I painted your button.
from now on my brother
the ranking is the temptation fantas
to start